[BLOG] Add conda-grayskull-packaging (#277)
Quansight/Quansight-website: apps/labs/posts/conda-grayskull-packaging.md

---
title: 'Conda and Grayskull, the Masters of Software Packaging'
published: January 19, 2022
author: mahe-iram-khan
description: 'Grayskull is an automatic conda recipe generator, with a focus on conda-forge.'
category: [Packaging]
featuredImage:
  src: ../public/posts/conda-grayskull-packaging/package_name_feature.png

>   alt: 'A flow diagram of a 'package name' being fed into a gray colored skull which represents the tool Grayskull and being converted into a curled up piece of paper which represents a recipe.'

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  alt: 'A flow diagram of a ''package name'' being fed into a gray colored skull which represents the tool Grayskull and being converted into a curled up piece of paper which represents a recipe.'
```

Reviewer: in YAML: within single quotes the only supported escape sequence is a doubled single quote (`''`) denoting the single quote itself as in `'don''t'`

>   alt: 'A flow diagram of a ''package name'' being fed into a gray colored skull which represents the tool Grayskull and being converted into a curled up piece of paper which represents a recipe.'

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  alt: "A flow diagram of a 'package name' being fed into a gray colored skull which represents the tool Grayskull and being converted into a curled up piece of paper which represents a recipe."
```
